on this Saturday night home at last American war veteran help prisoner by North Korea for more than a month
85 year old finally free by his captors what's behind deadly freeze
how much a country founded stranded Airport 2012 power more ice in the forecast
remembering Mandela we're here in South Africa
what country celebrates his life Paris to say farewell against apartheid and look behind the most famous photos of Mandela taking the day he was released from prison
this season NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt reporting tonight from Soweto South Africa
good evening from Soweto industries were so much blood was shed analog and bitter battle against apartheid 352 night Havana place of celebration the life of Nelson Mandela
much more than a few moments what are top stories I come from California 185 year old American man is home after a 7 week or deal as a prisoner in North Korea
a10 standoff came suddenly the North Korean government saying Merrill Newman a Korean War vet with a heart condition was released for humanitarian reasons NBC's Mike Taibbi is in Palo Alto with more force Michael Vick
go to the left of the North Korean government says they deported Merrill Newman simply Frida pretension the never should have happened bottom line 85 yr old ex Marine after triple acid much longer than it should have is home
quickly without any prior announcement flight from Hong Kong to Beijing and Merrill Newman finally able to speak freely
then after direct flight to San Francisco American soil to great
who is my family thank you all over
Newman's visit in North Korea organize tour what was pulled office homebound flight on October 26th just minutes before take off and held without explanation
the elderly man who raise a family in a career in corporate finance the war time record the tune candlelight advisor to Korean anti communist
the forces during that wore 60 years ago un video de to November 9th North Korean government released an apology that seem to be written for Newman
and then another full month waiting while back Channel talk to see that the statement from North Korea state news agency taking into consideration Houston shoe repair Torrance is advanced agent health condition the Democratic People's Republic of Korea deported him from the country
what President Joe Biden in South Korea for a memorial on a ring Korean War Dead JD had no role in the negotiations while pressing Newman's release at another American Christian missionary Kenneth Bay still jailed in North Korea
should be released
elderly retiree with a heart condition is no home looking forward to kicking back
show believed to have in back
an end to a visit back in history that was much more than Merrill Newman bar console
Edwin ass today weather he would ever return to Korea Newman said probably not smile
buy kite in California facts of the United States remains of a group of dangerous and deadly weather tonight making life miserable for millions of people
atleast 11 weather related deaths have been reported Weather Channel meteorologist Jim Cantore is watching all this from Dallas forest
Yeah right here the colour of you look at the average temperatures of every spot the country this morning during a particular hour the average temperature was 14 .5 degrees
that's colder than any hour of any day all of last winner that cold combine with a boy Ciara has created quite a mess especially in cities like that
heavy snow ice freezing rain and brutal wins
lash the central part of the south
Pittsburgh weather system
Dallas and major southern cities temperatures remain below freezing during sleep is the hard iced up to 180 Broadway everyday drives
hundreds of traffic accident reports is Friday causing extensive delays closings 35 chevrolt I'm up to 10 hours to change lanes in your going sideways
Ohio is public bus lost control and slams right parked car before sliding down the rest of the road sideways
across Arkansas Texas utility Cruz are scrambling to clear Ison crusted power lines as more than 200
remain without power airlines cancel Delia 2012 today with more than half of those wine through Dallas stranding 4000 people OneTravel record this cell phone video of families forced to spend the night at the airport
this satellite time lapse shows the size and strength of the storm droppings much is 13 inches of snow in some areas the Arctic airbrush traumatic temperature drops today it was a balmy 81 degrees in Miami
compared with freezing -30 in Havre Montana a difference 111 degrees
the cold set record lows in Las Vegas in Northern California in the Bay Area for people died from hypothermia a million dollars worth of citrus devastated and now let us an avocado crops are in danger
back in the East a second storm is putting states like Virginia on high alert for ice the Northeast
let's talk about the second store much is freezing snow in Colerain and about in California it moves out tonight to look at this purple area indicates respect sleeping freezing rain
some of the same areas that got the sleep freezing rain from the first or we move into Sunday this Noble in pack cities like Chicago in Omaha Nebraska what is the freezing rain now for Virginia
nation's capital West Virginia Ohio in North Carolina on Monday in tire mess of sleep snow in freezing rain boots right up the i-95 corridor
into the wind frost horrible rush hour in Dallas we stay in the deep freezer until at least Wednesday when we may get above 40
tomorrow is the official day of prayer and reflection here in South Africa part of a 10 day period of mourning over the death of Nelson Mandela behind me the house he once lived in the museum what crowds gathered Rapid a many of them old enough to experience
firsthand the oppression of the white minority government that may have your children here children born into free South Africa ala venta de paying tribute to Mandela and its legacy Richard Engel is also in South Africa has more tonight the current Mandela home Richard
good evening Lester the fighter storm is also rolled into gear in Johannesburg find me the rock 5012 Brookhaven tribute very wet
bouquets in front of the homework Nelson Mandela died of South Africans are coming out in celebrating the life of the man who transformed this country
no one mourns like
what do women want men and they dance and sing to celebrate the man who helped end apartheid
the Mandela family also made its first public statement
is the feminine woodland from him leprosy Avenged was that made him to me that that was a nice b***
24 month lease is the lesson about that life lived for others is the life well lived
in Johannesburg Mandela Square they came to take pictures by is message that you make me proud
sign your name does books in Lake Worth
you need to go to quarts
because I wanted him to get understanding of the pics of
the human bean did Nelson Mandela was
victims of apartheid children who grew up free application
Becky mother brought his 17-year-old are the Mandela Center for memory Museum of his life and struggle
from his letters in meat and tiny handwriting to smoke out of prison
the highlights of the Nobel Prize
the resistance glasses replica Mandela's cell text just three small steps to cross for years Mandela to deliver a baby in here just a map on a concrete floor
roll the celebration of anxiety here Nelson Mandela the nation's most famous Sun is coming father the question what would be like without
tomorrow that day of prayer for when a massive Memorial and finally the burial a self certificate back to be wet all week
Richard Engel in Johannesburg crime and Ally have been in prison 13 years when high school students parents to 101 to protest against apartheid government
Mellow Man Delaware remain in prison other 14 years of protest mark a turning point for change the countries Direction onesie Nature Boy iconic photo became symbols of a need for change
free young girlies Antoinette Peterson the bloodied and lifeless boy in the arms of a stranger is a 13 year old brother Hector it was June 16 1976 the day this a 100 uprising began
NW plus minus
can u mass index number raining on Monday
began as a peaceful protest by high school students against a government policy requiring them to learn in African language of the white minority government
student visa message but you have no idea that you were in danger how much does a message
but then tear gas followed by bullets were fired at the crown by police scores including young Hector it wasn't even supposed to be there were killed at first a
p******* no p**** myself on the Ave and crazy knex moment does indeed
the March between a pricing and a seminal moment to the battle against apartheid
there is a permanent marker on the corner were Hector Peterson dodge just outside the school
it was no coincidences student uprising beginning this part of Soweto it's just a few blocks amor Nelson Mandela lip and now he was in prison at the time huge influence in this neighborhood is life story serve as a call to action
things to uprising because of you because we know that the City soulmates you
why I was sleeping and 42 something
the uprising with claim hundreds of lives before it was over what does a severely damaged
apartheid government and rally world opinion against it
I don't self interested in Africa that lives in peas and rice Rachael hominy
and auto biting commitment a piece of grilled order
what days the weather high school students to young to have known life under apartheid visit the Hector Peterson memorial it was not the current generation struggle but it is their history
The Beacon forget about it
text to David and get over in about anything else do you think that getting better
Testament the legacy of a young boy and a bill a liter
Nelson Nelson Mandela was on her with a statue of an iconic Hector Peterson photo back in 2006 in Hawaii 2013 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor
what happened 72 years ago today launch the United States into World War 2 attending today
ceremonies for 50 survivors of the attack feel more than 2400 merican early morning in Hawaii
97.wav
what is continuous on this Saturday of pollution emergency the world's most populous city
what surprising is where the Samaritan
health emergency tonight in Shanghai Chinese city with more than 70 million people think of the worst air pollution is ever seen a report tonight mendeecees in Williams
the Soaring skyline of mainland Chinese commercial capital building a smudge stick Smaug the tallest buildings disappear into the smoke mini in the City wedding mosques
I have difficulty in breathing 624 euros way to you is ability to Lose a bad and says my mood its been a week of stately rising record pollution levels in Shanghai is it from to the highest level of health warning
the concentration of the most dangerous particles in 20 times what will help you can I say s*** in regards as hazardous I didn't think it's good for humans to living this kind of environment says this man
hundreds of flights were cancelled delayed schools closed Presidents search to stay in tools in factories of the couple stop production
30 percent of government vehicles will the roads ships pulls to navigate Corsa C through the Hayes explain the cold wind blows weather for cloud of pollution from cars factories in coal-burning is Santa in China for most of the week
is the record-breaking levels in other cities included in Beijing DCF
the government is announced many plans to fight the pollution parent progress
smokin eastern China restarting to live today but its starting to approach hazardous levels the east and north of China River humble in winter just getting into the coldest month
Williams NBC News Beijing
the results are in tonight after another conversation we've been falling involving a young American woman who made it to the very end top 30 most unlikely contest NBC's Duncan golestani was watching it all in Beirut
tonight 12218 happy just to the finals
Jennifer Sultan RS notice you speak Arabic that was played when she first audition
what's your name Jennifer
what's the score against law to Jennifer
backstage this week to 23 year old music right told me she fell in love in college improvising learning songs